update CLR docs reference (#3389)
ROCm/ROCm: docs/what-is-rocm.rst

.. csv-table::
  :header: "Component", "Description"

>   "`AMD Common Language Runtime (CLR) <https://github.com/ROCm/clr>`_", "Contains source code for AMD's `common language runtimes (CLR) <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/HIP/en/latest/understand/amd_clr.html>`_ HIP and OpenCL"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ":doc:`AMD Common Language Runtime (CLR) <hip:understand/amd_clr>`", "Contains source code for AMD's common language runtimes: HIP and OpenCL"
```

We should use Intersphinx links. Also, I think it's better to link to the docs directly in the left column.
